Ha ha.
Mr. Zhao, wearing this now makes my heart itch
My captivity
And you have nothing left.
Haha, people who dare to touch me
See if you don't want to live, who the hell are you?
Dare to come here to make trouble
Whose territory is this?
You are here
It's the waste of the Du family
Get out of here
Stop here, I gave you face, didn't I?
Dog you dare to hit me
Somebody freeze him to death
Are there many women?
No, what are you doing?
Let me tell you something.
I'm the youngest in the family
I'll give you two simple ones.
Why don't you obediently lift people away
Otherwise, I'll take people away, okay?
Let's play
If you win
Win and I'll let you go first and humiliate yourself
I'll play a game with you
If I lose, I'll take off my clothes too
But if I win
I asked him to stay with me tonight
Just follow your rules
Lose a goal and take off a dress
Take me away
I can beat this ball with my eyes closed